hey guys welcome to my channel this is
long overdue video on my hair lost
battle results and what actually helped
me so if you're interested continue
watching this video quick reminder of
what happened I had a major stress in
November 2016 and just like doctors tell
you three months after major stress your
hair starts falling out and there is
nothing you can do to stop it you just
need to take care of what's remaining
take care of your scalp I've talked to
three doctors the fourth one my
acupuncturist who is also an herbalist
who suggested some supplements this is
what I've got now it's a huge progress
since 2017 I'm gonna share whatever
worked for me on this tough journey it's
been almost a year since I've talked to
my first doctor and the progress has
been tremendous so I'm just willing to
share all the things that work for me
but again when I'm talking about
supplements please talk to your
physician because some tests might be
needed before you start taking them
[Music]
all right supplements always
controversial what it's like the first
thing that my doctor told me when I came
to her and said I have the severe hair
loss I've lost like half of my hair
it's no regrowing the quality of hair is
really bad the quality of remaining here
is really bad
what do I do to preserve whatever I
still have left and how do i stimulate
my follicles to produce more hair so the
first two tests that I've done were iron
and vitamin D and some hormonal test the
hormones were okay but I had a vitamin D
deficiency and I had iron deficiency so
she started me on vitamin D she's number
one 5,000 IU and I was such a fair start
um I used to take it before because I'm
no longer anemic with ferrets syrup is a
supplement that has some cofactors that
help you by absorb iron better because
some people would be like Oh even more
apples no there's no iron and apples
there's a little and your body cannot
absorb it the second thing that she said
is crucial even if you don't like have
any hormonal problems don't get fish
every day omega-3 what she told me is to
look at epa and DHA and this is like
really high-end EPA and DHA collagen um
I took one course of it one course is 60
days every morning when you're still
hungry on empty stomach you take three
pills and actually I do a lot of
transatlantic flying
I do like couple of transatlantic
flights every two months and when I come
back from a trans lenok like my skin is
like the dullest skin ever at the driest
skin ever that this helps like a week of
college and supplements you see the
results like guaranteed but again talk
to your doctor okay
I'm trooper day with my daily
supplements they are a little on
and this is why I always tell you to
consult your physician because like if
we look at the dosages vitamin b6 four
thousand four hundred twelve percent of
daily value so um yeah
and I also took vitamin C which seems
like a lot like this is really good
vitamin C's especially if you are like
catching cold or something you feel that
it's starting I took that for I think
five or six months I'm still taking
omega-3 and I'm still taking
multivitamins but a little milder ones
but again healthy eating and getting rid
of anemia is like your number one
priority cuz again what happens when you
had major stress or whatever like or
hormonal disbalance something you have
to get rid of when your hair is already
dead there is nothing you can do it's
gonna fall out it's gonna first rainy
some people might think oh maybe I
should cut my hair you know what make it
stay no it won't it would just give you
a less emotional distress because when
this hair falls out it feels like a lot
when I cut my hair and I actually cut my
hair in December 2017 because I was so
upset with like the quality of what
remained it was less stressful but it
didn't promote new hair regrowth or
stuff this is what did once we started
taking care of my anemia that happened
in June 2018 so it's gonna be a year and
two months after that I would say in
July we decided to start stimulating my
follicles to produce more hair and to
produce healthy hair and take care of
what's remaining on my head so let's go
to the bathroom and I'm gonna show you
and things that she recommended and
things that you can start using without
consulting a doctor because they don't
need a prescription
well maybe like some stimulators that
was still consult but they're all over
the counter so
number one this is gonna be painful
I mean painful in terms of like your
psychology because this is an exfoliator
what it makes it makes your hair go away
like you're dead here so every time I
use this thing I would lose like 1/4 or
what's left but then it gradually became
better and better now when I use it I
would have like I don't know 10 here so
I would use this once in two weeks then
once in two weeks I would also use this
oil here cure mask and I would put it on
my scalp because again it's very
important to take care of scalp this is
what produces new here and this is what
helps you and so what helps them stay on
your head so this is something you can
get in Finland I'm not sure I put the US
I brought it from Russia shampoos my
doctor told me to mix so one day I would
use a mild shampoo this is labelled
seaweed she recommended this one the
other day I would use something stronger
like living proof shampoo which is like
for queasy hair this combs Tania scalp
this activates it and just helps you get
rid of the dead cells okay couple
miracles miracle number one Sebastian
Hydra they have a conditioner which is
this one and they also have a mask they
both work magically like I can come to
use anything else once I started using
Sebastian hydrate highly highly
recommend it you can get it on eBay this
one cost like $13 but again it does
magic I love it and recommended it to
everyone my mom started using it she
loves her new here this is not a net not
sponsored this is something my doctor
recommended and I thanked her for that
like so many times because the student
magic and the second thing that she
recommended um I got the label is gone
this is love
here mask the label is gone but you can
also order it on eBay comes directly
from Japan and this nice bag and lasts
for ages I wanna see us one after the
other is so on Monday odious this one
Wednesday's this and then go back to
this so just swapping them all the time
[Music]
another magical thing when they're men
they're realizer or olio this is Italian
again prior to get in the States but I
brought it from Europe I use it once a
week as a hair mask I leave it on for 15
minutes I can actually show you how I do
it
[Music]
okay I'm washing it off in my sink sure
I'm gonna show it to you but this is how
it works it's only on the ends prevents
them from splitting I rinse them from
dehydrating this is how I do it
the rule of thumb is still let your hair
dry naturally as long as possible so
probably gonna leave them for like 20
minutes I will do my makeup meanwhile
and yeah just overall get ready okay my
hair dried up a little by itself because
I need to run I need to make videos for
you guys I'm gonna speed up the process
a little bit I'm gonna try to hear
myself now I always do that it look like
the hair dry and no incurrence here here
a little bit like in the ideal world it
dries by itself but there are more
things that you can use so the oil that
we've used it's already protecting your
hair from over drying the second thing
that I'm using is this Copas here
professional serum I'm not sure you can
get it in the US because I got it in
Europe alongside with the oil you can
get it on eBay
I'll look for a link for you
[Music]
so I just put it on top of my hair
before drying so give it a lemon to
absorb and then just try you hear with
the hairdryer
Oh one thing that one of the doctors
told me is that it's not a good idea to
dry your hair with your head down well
what's the other way to get volume like
for me I cannot use the wrong brush
because I haven't learned how to use it
I will learn eventually but right now I
can't use it so just around there with
my head down it's up to you guys but
just warning you that this is like
unnatural wave the air to dry when
you're trying it like this and it's
unnatural way for the here to be washed
so basically you need to stand in the
shower and wash it here and you need to
stand up and dry yeah I'm gonna try the
net head down okay one more thing this
is what actually stimulates new hair
regrowth my doctor recommended these
ones fishy docos and I used them for 60
days and then you do like a 60 day break
and then I talked to another doctor who
said you can use some other stuff as
well just to experiment he used all of
them now I just stopped I'm taking a
break because again my hair is growing
finally and but I will get back to them
later so this one is on a little smaller
side but it leaves your hair more or
less clean and this one is also nice it
doesn't have a lot of smell but it makes
you hear really greasy and this one has
a really nice smell but again makes your
hair really queasy very fast and it's
important to use those in cycles like 60
days use them then you take a break then
you go back to them but again regarding
these I would still talk to a hair
professional there is something
particular about your hair and she would
recommend something different with
everything that I've already mentioned
like the supplements and the things that
I'm using for my hair you see I already
have some volume like this is enough for
me but it wasn't enough maybe like 5
months ago I wasn't happy with my volume
so I used rollers and I'm gonna show you
just an example like if your hair is
really fine and you missed that ball you
used to have but
or your hair fell out this is one of the
coolest things you can do because it
doesn't hurt your hair and it gives you
this natural volume that stays
throughout the day
[Music]
just take a little on top take care
there and then I have nine of those it
wouldn't take all of my hair but it
would take like everything on top so I
would just stick to doing this on top I
wouldn't do it for this video because as
I mentioned I think I have already
enough volume see it basically just put
them on top and let them stay for ten
minutes do your makeup and then you
would just take them off like this
that's it it's straight and again some
volume Ellie held it for like a minute
so you don't really see the difference
but highly highly recommended believe me
there were moments in my life when I
thought I would never get my hair back
and I got some hair extensions for my
friends they're really good they're
amazing you get a little warm would you
wearing all of them ah but yeah I cut
them according to my length and you just
put them below your hair over there you
clip them and they give you extra volume
thank you because these hair look so
healthy like compared to what I used to
have this looks a lot healthier and it
gives just a healthier look again for
the videos for the parties beyond stop
using them like four months ago when the
treatment started to show its results
but this is something you can use as
well and another life hack in my
bathroom I still use it especially for
ponytails when you make a ponytail and
you see you can see some skin come
through cuz yeah not enough volume and
stuff this is magic this is dry shampoo
with color
this is bumble and bumble they have a
couple collars and it just covers
everything and you cannot see it and it
makes your hair look cleaner and it
covers all the blank spots that you have
on your head
I'm gonna finish my routine with a
couple drops of oil and that's it
[Music]
experiment activate it well because when
is war the molecules move faster and
penetrate deeper inside the air this is
something that I think beauty
professional told me sharing this with
you it's just a couple drops to put the
fizzle a to me give your look nice earn
healthier prevent them from drying out
in the Sun come from your Sun seat
finally we get some sunshine in San
Francisco here we go that's it if I
don't like a professional something I
would straighten my hair a little
because I still get some fizz but that
was there for me guys I am ready to go
ready to rock ready to record more new
videos for you please comment down below
what worked for you when you had a hair
loss problem because this is really
useful the last video got so many
comments with the device and bills and
stuff please comment below if you're not
yet subscribed to this channel this
channel is about America culture
languages and stuff but sometimes I
boast about hair and health for more
information about here in health I would
suggest going to my Instagram lingo
marina hit subscribe
DM me if you've been watching this video
and subscribe because of that and I'll
see you soon in the next videos bye